yeah just a moment ago we have a
bulletin coming in now President Kennedy
died at 1:00 p.m. Central Standard Time
two o'clock Eastern Standard Time like
many people Kirk similes remembers
exactly where he was when he heard the
news I was at public school at the time
and my teacher announced that Kennedy
had been assassinated in Dallas Texas
and I piped up with my father's in
Dallas Texas there's my dad right there
his father Norman similars worked for a
Toronto magazine and was on assignment
he saw the bullet you know like he saw
Kennedy yet hit a Globe and Mail article
quotes emili´s as hearing a sharp crack
you can see in Kennedy's head bathed in
blood watching you know him be
assassinated right in front of you it
was troublesome I know it capped him up
at night assassination he returned to
Toronto with quite a story to tell he
had three cameras on him and when the
shots rang out he started taking
pictures and it seems that he got a
picture of the of the window here in the
Dallas Book Depository and the picture
appeared to have two bodies - two
figures in it two figures here in the
sixth floor window the sniper's nest a
photo of that would be convincing
evidence of a conspiracy but the photo
vanished or so similar Sall ways claimed
when he had given the picture - or one
of the newspapers in Toronto and it just
went missing
and ever since everybody's been looking
for that photo and it seems even the FBI
looked for the photo after similes
mentioned it in this 1964 magazine
article we made some very explosive
claims JFK researchers have pointed out
holes in the similar story a photo
editor of The Associated Press in
Chicago actually was shown the photo of
by some of us and someone told him you
see this is the building then City look
there there to government the photo
editor didn't see that the photo editor
thought that tzimmes was sort of maybe
projecting what he wanted to see on that
phone
he was doubted but Herc Simlish says his
father never changed his story do you
believe your father I do
yeah yeah yeah I'm sure that picture
existed and you know it's gone missing
but he's one of the few who believe
Norman similars died four years ago with
even conspiracy buff skeptical of what
he claimed to witness and photograph
that day in Dallas Trevor Dunn CBC News
Orillia